1 | Waking from your bed hunger strikes, and you head to your kitchen to start your creation! You begin to make the only thing that can satisfy you, a sandwich, until you realize you only have bread! You open the pantry and your eyes fall on two options! Enter '2' to choose the noble sourdough, which boasts a crusty and strong profile, favored by knights of taste. Enter '3' to choose the soft, but crispy Ciabatta! Soft on the inside, yet sports a resilient crust, it absorbs sauces to carry treasures of flavors within. Chosen by wandering sages and culinary champions alike, it promises both texture and taste. Which bread do you choose?| 2 | 3
2 | You're overcome with an urge to take on the savory and tasty, sourdough! With this, you now know to continue making the perfect sandwich you cannot settle for anything of mediocrity. To complement these powerful tastes of sourdough, you're going to continue to choose the best thing to complement! You've heard of mythical tales of the pristine Maple Bacon, hidden in the depths of the AppleWood Forest! However, the alluring tale of the fabled Roast Beef, this tale tells of the complex and powerful protein that is stashed in the depths of Mt. Porker! You grab your bag and get prepared to set forth. Enter '4' to embark towards the AppleWood Forest, or enter '5' to set your adventure to Mt. Porker! | 4 | 5
3 | Behold the mighty Ciabatta! Born and forged in fire, its crust crackles like the armor of a shining knight, while within lies a heart of airy chambers— a sanctuary for the boldest flavors known to mankind. It is more than bread, it is both humble and noble, shaped by hands that honor tradition and destined to cradle feasts of legendary proportion. To bite into ciabatta is to summon the spirit of culinary heroes past, each chew echoing with resilience, warmth, and an undeniable taste of adventure. With this, we know we could pair this mighty bread with the likes of the Crispy Falafel! However, legends told of the legendary Mozzarella, that when paired well with fresh vegetables fulfills a vital role in a perfect Caprese sandwich. You grab your bag and get prepared to set forth. Enter '6' to journey forth onto the crispy Falafel, enter '7' to make leave to find the lands beyond where Mozzarella lies. | 6 | 7
4 | Onto the forest you go! Your path is easy as you make your way to the forest. As you approach the end of your trail, your view is greeted with a soft, grassy floor littered with a mix of moss, twigs and rocks amongst the ground. As you cast your eyes up, you follow the large, strong tree trunks that stand sturdy throughout the forest, obscuring the bright sun from fully connecting with the ground in front. You journey through this forest, although curious about the creatures throughout, you clutch your bag tightly as you walk through this forest, your legs feeling tired. You begin to worry as you walk, the sight of nature being as breathtaking as possible seems endless, which makes your legs feel even worse. No, you must remind yourself that you must persevere! You cannot give up, and with this you begin further until you spot a lone cave sitting in the forest. You know this cave must be special, your stomach rumbles for it and you head your way in. Within this cave, your nose picks up a sweet, yet savory scent and trusting your nose and gut, you make your way to the source of the scent, your palms clamming at the thought of the treasure that lays ahead. After short moments, and along an odd looking pedestal, you see the source of the beautiful scent...Your eyes fall upon a crisp golden amber, that upon closer inspection seems to be made of pure maple. Within the maple, you see the fabled legend...Bacon! You rejoice! You've found your treasure and quickly, you open your bag and use your cloth to wrap the Bacon and store it in your bag. However, as your nerves settle a giant rumbling begins and the pedestal of which the bacon lied on begins to shake. Quickly you run back the way you came, however you see another path to your right! Enter '8' to continue on back the way you came, or enter '9' to succumb to curiosity and take the new path within the cave.| 8 | 9
5 | Hours of walking have led you to this moment, you wipe the sweat on your forehead to no avail, but you look up at this giant mountain...However, upon inspection you see that this mountain is actually an inactive volcano! This, however, will not pull you away from the quest you know true to your stomach, you will make your way to the top and find the fabled treasure. Time goes on, you prevail after hours of kicking rocks and hiking up this mountain, you knew you couldn't stop. You owed it to yourself to continue on and finally reach the top for the legendary roast beef! However, your mind is made up but your body struggles to do the same. As you push forward, hardening your resolve you can see the top of this mountain and your body feels rejuvenated, a second wind pushes you further up to the top of the mountain. Upon reaching the top you scan the top of the mountain, seeing on the other side of the mountain, around the giant cavity that's the middle, you see it. You see a nice sack sitting across, and your mind knows what it is, although it appears your legs know too, as before you realize it, you've already begun to make your way around to the bag. When you finally reach the bag, you smile, you open it up and see the most delectable, smoky pieces of roast beef you've laid your eyes on. You realize that through it's beauty, it's quite warm...Well, everything feels quite warm all of a sudden? The thoughts reeling in your mind, you stuff the bag within your own, and you look over to the cavity where you realize what's beginning to happen. The unbelievable Mt. Porker, which was thought to be inactive is waking from its slumber! You run back, to the other side and run down the trail as you can, however you now feel the ground shake and the volcano begins to roar with anger, and you fear the path will take too long. You look over the side of the path, and you know you can make it down faster by cutting through off-trail. Enter '10' to get off path and run straight down the side of the mountain. Enter '11' to decide to stay on the trail, valuing the set path for you already. | 10 | 11
6 | The story of the hearty Falafel tells of a long, treacherous journey through a forest. You know of only two forests in the land nearby, Applewood forest lies east where the fabled Maple Bacon lies, however, you have your strung gut feeling, and rumbling, to direct you to the other forest that lies west, sadly unnamed and notoriously uninhabited. You make way to the unnamed forest and feel a wave of fear as you realize that if this forest wasn't the correct one, you'd be absolutely starving. Your gut still keeps you going, knowing you're too far gone, this notion sticking with you as you arrive to this forest, where despite being uninhabited you feel like you're being watched immediately upon entering. You cannot waver, and you push yourself to move on, and you quickly find yourself looking at an empty space, where no tries lie, just a collection of stones. You walk over to the stones, and you move them aside, when you still feel like you're being seen. Your stomach sits uneasy, but suddenly your hands hit a small box that the stones were covering, where you begin to pull the box up to your face, and you notice there's no lock...carefully, and curiously, you pop open the box! You look over and it's unbelievable. You see it. You see the couple pieces of the crispiest Falafel you've ever laid eyes on, and as you look in the box, you can see that the bottom of the box is actually smeared with hummus! The perfect pairing! Your stomach roars with joy, as you can now see the most perfect combination you've laid eyes on. Quickly, you turn, and you can see that behind a tree, what looks like two eyes are peering from behind it...Your gut now tells you to run, but your mind tells you that you might not be faster...maybe offer the stranger your discovery? Enter '12' to trust your gut and run, enter '13' to listen to your internal thoughts and offer up the crispy Falafel. | 12 | 13
7 | You've heard the tale many times, you know that the option of finding the greatest Mozzarella balls to ever grace the earth, lay south where the giant lake lays. You know you must pursue the lake and so you embark to the lake and let your stomach lead the way. Upon reaching this giant lake, you first think of just going around, however you soon see that in the middle of the lake lies a giant shrine, and you can faintly spot small dollops of Mozzarella resting upon a cloth. Your mind is made up completely, and you're committed. You step in the lake and realize the water is quite shallow, resting at your feet, and you begin to cautiously move forward, unsure of what may lie beneath the water. Upon reaching the shrine, you see your treasure know that time cannot wait. You retrieve the giant dollops of Mozzarella and wrap them in cloth and store it in your bag. You happily begin to head back home, before you realize the water is now becoming rough, and you feel that there is suddenly a presence closing in to you. You begin to pick up your pace, scared of what could be beneath the water with you. SPLASH. A giant splash is heard behind you, and you fear you may be too slow. Enter '14' to pick up the pace and run out of the lake, enter '15' to keep your pace, not wanting to risk dropping your bag.| 14 | 15
8 | You make it out of the cave, back from where you came! You can now head back home, your heart knowing the perfect sandwich to make. Making your way home, you see that at the beginning of the forest there are crispy and freshly grown heads of lettuce and tomato that you haven't seen before. You rejoice! A BLT! Of course! You knew it! You now know that you can make the best BLT to have ever touched the ground! You quickly head over and pick the lettuce and tomato, before heading back home to craft your vision. Upon getting home and cleaning the lettuce and tomato, you pull out a frying pan and turn on the stove top, letting the pan heat up before you place the Maple Amber. After letting the pan heat properly, you place the amber encasing the bacon onto the pan and watch the maple melt away to unearth the succulent, mouth-watering bacon. Your nostrils are blessed with such a smell, and your stomach booms with hunger! While the bacon cooks, you quickly prepare the rest of the sandwich, cutting the tomato in thin slices and pulling the lettuce apart and placing them neatly and precisely onto a piece of the sourdough bread. Your stomach roars once more, this time your appetite is telling you that the bacon is done and so y place the bacon onto the sandwich. The perfect sandwich is in your grasp, and the first thing you do is take a bite. CRUNCH. Your mouth waters still, unsatisfied with just one bite you devour the sandwich! Enter '16' for more.| 16 | -1
9 | You turn quickly and turn to the sudden path in the cave, however, as you make some way back in, you  realize it's a dead end and so you turn back. Rocks, are all you see however as you turn. Any sign that there was a path that you walked before was gone, overrun with rocks alike all over the floor. Your stomach rumbles in fear and you can't think right now, hunger is overtaking your thoughts so you try to eat the bacon inside the amber of maple. You go to take a bite but the maple does not give in, it is too hard and too sturdy to give into your bite. You try again, desperate and fearful now that you won't be able to eat again. However, it was too hard to eat the amber and so you accept your fate, forever locked into this cave and hungry. Enter '17' to continue.| 17 | -1
10| You try the shortcut down the mountain, and you gain fantastic ground! You're scaling down the mountain much faster than you imagined before, but suddenly while running down the side you step on loose rocks and lose your footing. You slip, violently falling and hitting the floor beneath you and you tumble down the side. You get up quickly and you keep running back, until your legs can't take you any further. You put your hands on your knees and you sigh, and you suddenly feel a new lightness about you. You reach for your bag, but nothing's there! Your brain reels and you come to theorize that when you tumbled down, your bag must have got smushed and destroyed and with it the roast beef. Enter '17' to continue. | 17 | -1
11| You stayed on path and as you rushed down, you're able to keep your pace and cool, adrenaline pushing you to go! You notice that there are lots of loose rocks and are glad that you didn't stray off the path. You continue safely to descend the mountain and make your way back home. Upon arriving home, your stomach growls and rumbles with joy as you head inside. You get home and turn on your stove, and you set your pan on top, and after allowing it to heat up you retrieve the sourdough and you toast it! After toasting you turn up the heat and throw on the roast beef, smiling as you prepare yourself for the best sandwich you've ever had. After reheating the roast beef you place it on your bread and you smile to yourself, knowing you made the best sandwich you could've made.  Enter '16' to continue.| 16 | -1
12| You trusted your gut and you quickly run back home, you cannot wait any longer for the chance of making a mistake. As you run, you don't feel the same presence before, however you don't relent and you continue home, keeping the falafel tight to your chest. Upon arriving home, you're delighted and your stomach growls and rumbles. You enter your home and you immediately craft your perfect sandwich, placing down your ciabatta bread down and spreading the hummus on one side of the bread and placing the falafel on top, and you cover with another slice of ciabatta and you smile. CRUNCH. You take a bite into the perfect sandwich and smile to yourself, knowing you've crafted the perfect sandwich. You eat your creation to completion and sit down, satisfied with the day's adventure! Enter '16' to continue. | 16 | -1
13| You give up your food to the looming eyes ahead and you back up slowly, fearing sudden movements and to be attacked. A person appears from behind the tree and quickly grabs the food and leaves you alone. You now realize that in the fear, you don't have any food and you're starving and in the middle of nowhere. Enter '17' to continue. | 17 | -1
14| You quickly get out of the lake and you don't turn back, you rush home and you rest a bit outside. You walk towards your garden, and the weight of the delectable cheese sits softly in your bag. You take out the cheese and you pick some cherry tomatoes and basil from the garden and you head back home. You craft the perfect Caprese sandwich with your Ciabatta, Basil and Tomatoes! You enjoy and take a great bite into the sandwich, your stomach and tastebuds rejoicing at such a delicious meal! Enter '16' to continue. | 16 | -1
15| You keep your pace, trusting yourself to not drop the bag, and you can feel the water as you wade through the lake. You keep your cool, despite the pressing feelings of water hitting against you, knowing something else is here with you. You begin to reach the edge of the lake when you hear a loud splash that's much closer than before! You quickly exit the lake, hearing a giant splash behind you and a small tug on your shoulders. You pull yourself to fall forward and you land on your hands and knees, but you turn to face the water and you see your bag on the surface of the lake, wide open and the mozzarella dollops are melting away into the water. You fall to your knees and you watch, the cruelness that you're no longer left with anything to eat and your stomach grumbles, as you still watch the cheese melt away. Enter '17' to continue. | 17 | -1
16| Congratulations! You've finished and satiated the quest to create a perfect sandwich and put an end to the wretched, evil hunger that rises within. You feel at an elevated state of body and mind, having conquered the battle of mental fortitude with your strength and willpower, however you know to stay sharp on your toes... you know all too well, that the vile sensation of hunger still lurks within, and you vow to stay prepared for your next epic quest to put a stop to this. THE END. | -1 | -1
17| You've fallen to the hunger within, and you crumple over to the ground, you have no motivation to continue on without the ability to have the perfect sandwich and for as long as time lasts, you decide to not move an inch. THE END. | -1 | -1